.TH "blast_filtering" 3 "Sat Dec 31 2011" "Version 0.9.7.6" "turboOrtho" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
blast_filtering \- 
.PP
Produces a filtered output of the input.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <blast_filtering.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBprint_class_info\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIPrints information describing this class. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinit_values\fP (cmd_list *cmd)"
.br
.RI "\fIConnects internal values to the object given as param, enabling the terminal updating internal vars. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_values\fP (bool _DEBUG_NORM, bool _PRINT_NORMALIXATION_BASIS, bool _USE_EVERYREL_AS_ARRNORM_BASIS, char *_FILE_BINARY_LOCATION, char _SEPERATOR, int _CPU_TOT)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializes values after those set in the blast parsing (dound in library blast_parsing): \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBstart_filtering\fP (log_builder_t *log, bp_container_t bp)"
.br
.RI "\fIExecutes the main operation for the filtering: \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBfree_memory\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDe-allocates memory for this object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBblast_filtering\fP (cmd_list *cmd)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe constructor. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static cmd_list * \fBinit_cmd_list\fP (char *DEFAULT_OPTION_NAME, uint &DEFAULT_OPTION_NAME_COUNT, char *FILE_INPUT_NAME)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitiates the list for parsing input arguments fromthe terminal: \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBbuild_cmd_list\fP (cmd_list *cmd, int argc, char *argv[])"
.br
.RI "\fIMaps the internal variables to the input given from the terminal. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBclose\fP (\fBblast_filtering\fP *&obj)"
.br
.RI "\fIDe-allocates memory for the object given as input. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBassert_class\fP (bool print_info)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe assert method: \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Produces a filtered output of the input. 

\fBRemarks:\fP
.RS 4
The purpose of this wrapper module is handling a the filtering process given an input of a taxa_t- and list_file_parse containers, producing a filtered output. 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Ole Kristian Ekseth (oekseth) 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
21.12.2010 by Ole Kristian Ekseth (init) 
.PP
18.08.2011 by Ole Kristian Ekseth (Cleaning.) 
.PP
24.12.2011 by oekseth (removed calls to 'extern' variables to ease the inclusion of thisclass as a libary) 
.PP
31.12.2011 by oekseth (clean-up) 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void blast_filtering::start_filtering (log_builder_t *log, bp_container_tbp)"
.PP
Executes the main operation for the filtering: \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI<log>\fP The log object to store measurements in. 
.br
\fI<bp>\fP The object containing the basis whom the filtering will work on. 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for turboOrtho from the source code.
