.TH "bucket_pipe_binary" 3 "Sat Dec 31 2011" "Version 0.9.7.6" "turboOrtho" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
bucket_pipe_binary \- 
.PP
A transport container.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <bucket_pipe_binary.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisNotEmpty\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBfree_structdata\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDe-allocates memory for the list_file_struct object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBfree_arrNorm\fP (const uint taxon_length)"
.br
.RI "\fIDeallocates memory for the **norm object given the length of it. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBfree_mem\fP (const uint taxon_length)"
.br
.RI "\fIDeallocates the memory for this object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBbucket_pipe_binary\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIThe constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBbucket_pipe_binary\fP (norm_t **_arrNorm, list_file_struct_t *_structData)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe constructor. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "norm_t ** \fBarrNorm\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "list_file_struct_t * \fBstructData\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIHolds the filtered blast data. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A transport container. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Ole Kristian Ekseth (oekseth) 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
21.12.2010 by oekseth (init). 
.PP
25.12.2011 by oekseth (cleanup). 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool bucket_pipe_binary::isNotEmpty ()"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if data is set 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "norm_t** \fBbucket_pipe_binary::arrNorm\fP"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the **norm object holding the basis for the normalization procedure. 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for turboOrtho from the source code.
