.TH "build_string" 3 "Sat Dec 31 2011" "Version 0.9.7.6" "turboOrtho" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
build_string \- 
.PP
Produces a row of chars for the protein given.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <build_string.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBwrite_data_to_file\fP (FILE *out_file, const bool PIPE)"
.br
.RI "\fIWrites the string to the file, and clears the memory. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetHeader\fP (uint world_index_in)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the header for the string to be written to the output file. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBavoidPrinting\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fICalled when no data shall be printed to the stream. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBwriteRow\fP (bool _has_data)"
.br
.RI "\fIIf set to true, the data in the poiners are written to a file. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBhasData\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBbegin\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBappend\fP (char *first, char *last)"
.br
.RI "\fIAppends the chars to the buffer. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcopy\fP (char *start, char *end)"
.br
.RI "\fIadds the content of the input to the string located in this object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcopy_struct\fP (\fBbuild_string\fP row)"
.br
.RI "\fIadds the content of the input to the string located in this object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBend_blast_line\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIAppends the line-end characters specified for the 'blast' file format. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "long int \fBgetIndex\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the size of the index. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBfinalize\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIAppends the line end ('\\0' character) \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint \fBsize\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fILength of sequence. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "mem_loc \fBresize_if_to_large\fP (mem_loc length_argument)"
.br
.RI "\fIIncreases the size of the buffer if it does not fit. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBfree_mem\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIFrees the memory allocated for this object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBbuild_string\fP (uint _size_blast_all)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe constructor. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBbuild_string\fP * \fBallocate_class\fP (uint size)"
.br
.RI "\fIAllocates a list of 'this' class, but do not initialize it. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Produces a row of chars for the protein given. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Ole Kristian Ekseth (oekseth 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
21.12.2010 by oekseth (initial) 
.PP
16.09.2011 by oekseth (asserts) 
.PP
31.12.2011 by oekseth (cleanup) 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* build_string::begin ()"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
pointer to beginning of the sequence the string represents. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void build_string::copy (char *start, char *end)"
.PP
adds the content of the input to the string located in this object. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI<start>\fP Pointer to the first char in the sequence of chars. 
.br
\fI<end>\fP Pointer to the last char in the sequence of chars. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool build_string::hasData ()"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if data shall be printed 
.RE
.PP

.SS "mem_loc build_string::resize_if_to_large (mem_loclength_argument)"
.PP
Increases the size of the buffer if it does not fit. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI<length_argument>\fP the length of the input. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the size of the argument to be copied. 
.RE
.PP
\fBRemarks:\fP
.RS 4
To be used at insertion of a new part of the char array 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for turboOrtho from the source code.
