.TH ""Storage of Filtered blast data"" 3 "Sat Dec 31 2011" "Version 0.9.7.6" "turboOrtho" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
"Storage of Filtered blast data" \- 
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBbuild_string\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIProduces a row of chars for the protein given. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Files"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBblast_filtering_main.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIThe launcher of the filtering library. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBbuild_string\fP \fBbuild_string_t\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIProduces a row of chars for the protein given. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef enum \fBwrite_list\fP \fBwrite_list_t\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIn order to identify the files. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Enumerations"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBwrite_list\fP { \fBblast_ortho_pairs_list_numbers\fP, \fBblast_inparalog_list_numbers\fP, \fBblast_complete_list_numbers\fP, \fBblast_ortho_relations_list_numbers\fP }"
.br
.RI "\fIIn order to identify the files. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static const uint \fBsize_write_list_t\fP = 4"
.br
.RI "\fIThe number of elements in the enum write_list. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Data container used during the filter- and output process. 
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef \fBbuild_string\fP \fBbuild_string_t\fP"
.PP
Produces a row of chars for the protein given. \fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Ole Kristian Ekseth (oekseth 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
16.09.2011 by oekseth (asserts) 
.PP
31.12.2011 by oekseth (cleanup) 
.RE
.PP

.SS "typedef enum \fBwrite_list\fP \fBwrite_list_t\fP"
.PP
In order to identify the files. \fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Ole Kristian Ekseth (oekseth 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Enumeration Type Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBwrite_list\fP"
.PP
In order to identify the files. ; 
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Ole Kristian Ekseth (oekseth 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const uint \fBsize_write_list_t\fP = 4\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
The number of elements in the enum write_list. \fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Ole Kristian Ekseth (oekseth 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for turboOrtho from the source code.
