.TH "pipe_merge" 3 "Sat Dec 31 2011" "Version 0.9.7.6" "turboOrtho" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
pipe_merge \- 
.PP
Merges containers building a filtered set of orthologs- and inparalogs.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <pipe_merge.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_arrNorm\fP (norm_t **norm)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the **norm object with the param given. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "norm_t ** \fBget_arrNorm\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetFileStruct\fP (list_file_struct *arg)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the *list_file_struct object with the param given. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "list_file_struct * \fBgetFileStruct\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void * \fBoperator()\fP (void *item)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe method of parallisation. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpipe_merge\fP (uint _taxon_length, const bool _use_everyrel_as_arrnorm_basis, const pipe_t type, log_builder_t *_log, list_file_struct_t *&_listStructData, taxa_t *_listTaxa)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe constructor. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Merges containers building a filtered set of orthologs- and inparalogs. 

\fBRemarks:\fP
.RS 4
Inputs an object of type 'bucket_pipe_binary', containing blocks of information to be merged.
.IP "\(bu" 2
Merges containers of type list_file_struct and type **norm. 
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Ole Kristian Ekseth (oekseth) 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
21.12.2010 by oekseth (initial) 
.PP
16.09.2011 by oekseth (asserts) 
.PP
24.12.2011 by oekseth (removed calls to 'extern' variables to ease the inclusion of thisclass as a libary) 
.PP
25.12.2011 by oekseth (cleanup). 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "norm_t** pipe_merge::get_arrNorm ()\fC [inline]\fP"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the **norm object 
.RE
.PP

.SS "list_file_struct* pipe_merge::getFileStruct ()\fC [inline]\fP"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the processed *list_file_struct object. 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for turboOrtho from the source code.
