.TH "pipe_bucket" 3 "Sat Dec 31 2011" "Version 0.9.7.6" "turboOrtho" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
pipe_bucket \- 
.PP
Produces buckets of numbered items to parse.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <pipe_bucket.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpipe_bucket\fP (const bool inpa_ops, uint taxon_start, uint taxon_end, uint taxon_length, log_builder_t *_log, list_file_parse_t *&_listParseData, list_file_struct_t *&_listStructData, taxa_t *_listTaxa)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void * \fBoperator()\fP (void *item)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe method of parallisation. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBfree_data\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDe-allocates the memory of this object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBfree_mem\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDe-allocates the memory of this object. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBassert_class\fP (const bool print_info)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe main test function for this class. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Produces buckets of numbered items to parse. 

Goal is to make the threads in the rest of the pipe effective: 
.PP
\fBTodo\fP
.RS 4
Should be considered removed, replaced by preestimated blocks used by each of the consquative threads 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Ole Kristian Ekseth (oekseth) 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
21.12.2010 by oekseth (initial) 
.PP
16.09.2011 by oekseth (asserts) 
.PP
24.12.2011 by oekseth (removed calls to 'extern' variables to ease the inclusion of thisclass as a libary) 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for turboOrtho from the source code.
