.TH "taxon_pair" 3 "Sat Dec 31 2011" "Version 0.9.7.6" "turboOrtho" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
taxon_pair \- 
.PP
Defines the next protein to work on.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <taxon_pair.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBgetVariables\fP (uint &_taxon, uint &_protein_start, uint &_protein_end)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the variables: \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBprint\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIPrints the data. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBhas_data\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns true if is has more data. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtaxon_pair\fP (uint _taxon, uint _protein_start, uint _protein_end, list_file_parse_t *&_listParseData, list_file_struct_t *&_listStructData, taxa_t *_listTaxa)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtaxon_pair\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIThe constructor. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBtaxon_pair\fP * \fBinitList\fP (uint size)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns an allocated region: A standard interface to ensure consistency. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBfree_taxonPairList\fP (\fBtaxon_pair\fP *list)"
.br
.RI "\fIA standard interface to ensure consistency: \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBtaxon_pair\fP * \fBinit_taxon_pair\fP (uint taxon_start, uint taxon_end, uint taxon_length, const bool only_inpa, const bool from_parse, list_file_parse_t *listParseData, list_file_struct_t *&listStructData, taxa_t *listTaxa)"
.br
.RI "\fIBuilds the set of blocks to be used during the parsing. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBassert_class\fP (const bool print_info)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe main test function for this class. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "uint \fBtaxon\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe taxon id of interest. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint \fBprotein_start\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe first protein of this collection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint \fBprotein_end\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe last protein of this collection. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Defines the next protein to work on. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Ole Kristian Ekseth (oekseth) 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
18.03.2011 by oekseth (initial) 
.PP
16.09.2011 by oekseth (asserts) 
.PP
24.12.2011 by oekseth (removed calls to 'extern' variables to ease the inclusion of this class as a libary) 
.PP
31.12.2011 (cleanup) 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for turboOrtho from the source code.
